Split installation instructions out of quickstart (#1679)
cocotb/cocotb: documentation/source/quickstart.rst

> .. _quickstart:

Reviewer: Should be no need for this

Author: Strictly speaking yes, but I wanted these anchors to be more resilient against file renamings, something that may happen as we restructure more.

****************
Quickstart Guide
****************

Running your first Example
==========================

> Assuming you have the :ref:`pre-requisites<install-pre-requisites>`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Assuming you have the :ref:`prerequisites<install-prerequisites>`
```
